[alert_generator] Add more exceptions to supporting template variable/function in the spec (#70)
prometheus/compliance: alert_generator/specification.md

### Constraints

1. Results of a rule evaluation MUST be available for any subsequent rules in the group during the same evaluation cycle that depend on these results. The order of rules MUST be the same as provided in the config.
2. Labels and annotations in alerting rules MUST support all template variables and functions as described in the [v2.33 template reference](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/2.33/configuration/template_reference/) for the values with the following exceptions:
   * `graphLink`, `tableLink`: MAY be supported if the sample querier supports having a UI link for graph and table respectively.
   * `tmpl`, `pathPrefix`: MAY be supported if the software supports console templates.
   * `strvalue`: MAY be supported if there is a use case.
   * `.ExternalLabels`/`$externalLabels`, `.ExternalURL`/`$externalURL`: MAY be supported if the software supports configuring external labels and external URL.
  

>     The config MUST NOT be rejected if it contains the optional template variables and/or functions; those MUST result in an empty string if not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The config MUST NOT be rejected if it contains the optional template variables and/or functions listed above. They MUST result in an empty string if not supported.
```
